# CS319-3G-CA
Catan Game

Catan is a board game which can be played by 3-4 players. The object of the game is to be the first person to have 10 victory points. 
You receive 1 victory point for each settlement you have and you recieve 2 victory points for each city you have. If you control the longest road and the largest army then you receive two points for each. Also some development cards are worth victory points. The game has brick, lumber, wool, grain, and ore as resources. Players build settlements and cities through spending resources which are represented by resource cards; each land, except for the unproductive desert, produces a resource. On each player's turn, two dice are rolled to determine which hexes produce resources. Players with a settlement adjacent to a hex containing the number that is rolled receive one card of the corresponding resource; cities produce two cards of the corresponding resource. For example, if a player has one city and two settlements adjacent to a grain hex, that player would take four grain resource cards if the corresponding number was rolled. There is also a robber, firstly placed on the desert; if a player rolls 7, the robber must be moved to another hex, where will no longer produce resources until the robber is moved again. That player might also steal a resource card from another player with a settlement or city adjacent to the robber's new placement. In addition, when a player rolls 7, all players with 8 or more resource cards must discard their choice of half of their cards. For example, If a player has 9 resource cards, and a 7 is rolled, the player must get rid of 4 cards.
